heilige Vasilisa he Hilda runner who run
from 1500 to the marathon I started
running when I was 14 as a co I mean as
a competitor I was born in a countryside
that is in Ethiopia I was born in 92 83
and now I'm 41 and I'm still I'm still
running my favorite metal one from
Sydney 2000 I wanna know the 10,000
meters Sydney and them but they don't
beside you know just the other day I'm
in a competition for example you know
the marathon what I broken 9 I mean in
2008 to the Berlin that's also my
favorite in my DNA noticed when you're
preparing for the marathon you know
especially to break the record is not an
easy job and I was well prepared you
know for that marathon and ok a year
before I had a chance to break the
record and the lire and 2008 another
another one and I already know just I
mean my I can say you know just my last
world record what they know 2008 body
how you can describe the moment when you
run in there in the final I can't
support our gap that it's considered one
of the greatest finishes in Olympics so
what were your thoughts about that
finish and how do you did it well
the Sydney 2000 between me and
photograph was amazing especially the
last part and I said the last part means
even less than hundred meters and I
totally just Paulie he he almost annoyed
gifts you know like 200 meters before
the finish and then he moved was oh how
strong he is today and and then I
decided not just to move and to try to
cut you and by the time you know what I
thought about this maybe he's going to
win and then I gave you know everything
what I heard it was a no just between
life and death
and I knew in August I what the I mean I
knew only the last 10 meters I mean
it possible to adjust to be cheap only
the last 10 minutes I mean 10 meters and
by the time when I cross it on when I
caught the line I saw you know adjust
the screen you know the screen shot then
on my picture which means I won that was
a moment in oil never forget I run in
more than 300 competition since I
started this one what they know just
never in my life never invite her I mean
in my career what a special moment I'm a
selfie no gesture I do my I might make
my job what I have to do and people if
they can follow this tape available but
people you know just what they need to
register they need to know their three
important things go I mean they have
have to have a goal a discipline and
hard work you know sometimes you know
just people they wonder how I meant a
one-hour window read somewhere without
decision without goal very difficult